Add information about not to perform the install step (#204)
mattermost/mattermost-plugin-zoom: docs/installation/zoom-configuration/zoom-setup-user-level-app.md

# Zoom Setup \(User Level App\)

You can set the **OAuth ClientID** and **OAuth Secret**, generated by Zoom, and use it to create meetings and pull user data.

**User-level Apps** require **each user** to authorize the Mattermost App to access their Zoom account individually. If you prefer to authorize its access by an admin on behalf of the whole Zoom organization you should create a [Zoom Account-Level App](zoom-setup-oauth.md).

## Create an app for Mattermost

1. Go to [https://marketplace.zoom.us/](https://marketplace.zoom.us/) and log in as an admin.

> 2. In the top left click on **Develop** and then **Build App**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the top left select **Develop** and then **Build App**.
```

3. Select **OAuth** in **Choose your app type** section.
4. Enter a name for your app.
5. Choose **User-managed app** as the app type.

> 6. Choose whether you **Would like to publish this app on Zoom Marketplace**. In most cases you'll want this to be disabled, but the plugin support also apps to be published in the Zoom Marketplace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Choose whether you **Would like to publish this app on Zoom Marketplace**. In most cases you'll want this to be disabled, but the plugin supports apps that are published in the Zoom Marketplace.
```

7. Select **Create**.

![Create an OAuth app screen](../../.gitbook/assets/screenshot-from-2020-06-05-19-31-06%20%282%29.png)

## Configure your new OAuth app to work with Mattermost

> 1. If you **would like to publish on Zoom Marketplace**, you'll find two sets of values: **development** and **production**. Make sure you follow the next steps with the production values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you **would like to publish on Zoom Marketplace**, you'll find two sets of values: **development** and **production**. Make sure you follow the next steps with the production values.
```

> 2. Go to the **App Credentials** tab on the left. Here you'll find your **Client ID** and **Client Secret**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the **App Credentials** tab on the left. Here you'll find your **Client ID** and **Client Secret**.
```

  * These will be needed during [Mattermost Setup]().

> * Enter a valid **Redirect URL for OAuth** \(`https://SITEURL/plugins/zoom/oauth2/complete`\) and add the same URL under **Whitelist URL**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Enter a valid **Redirect URL for OAuth** \(`https://SITEURL/plugins/zoom/oauth2/complete`\) and add the same URL under **Whitelist URL**.
```

  * `SITEURL` should be your Mattermost server URL.

![App Credentials screen](../../.gitbook/assets/screenshot-from-2020-06-05-19-34-13%20%282%29.png)

## Add user scopes to the app

Select **Scopes** and add the following scopes: **meeting:read**, **user:read**.

![Scopes screen](../../.gitbook/assets/screenshot-from-2020-06-05-19-37-47%20%282%29.png)

## Do not perform the install step

> oom has one last option called **Install**. There is no need to perform this action. However, if you perform this action inadvertently, you'll see an error on Mattermost. This is expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zoom has one last option called **Install**. There is no need to perform this action. However, if you perform this action inadvertently, you'll see an error on Mattermost. This is expected.
```

## Deauthorization

This plugin allows users to be deauthorized directly from Zoom, in order to comply with Zoom’s commitment to security and the protection of user data. If you **would like to publish on Zoom Marketplace**, you can set up a deauthorization URL.

> 1. Click on **Information**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select **Information**.
```

![Scopes screen](../../.gitbook/assets/screenshot-from-2020-06-05-19-37-47%20%282%29.png)

## Do not perform the Install step

* Zoom has one last option called Install. There is no need to perform this action.
* If you perform this action, you will see an error on Mattermost. This is expected.

## Deauthorization

> This plugin allows users to be deauthorized directly from Zoom, in order to comply with Zoom’s commitment to security and the protection of user data. If you **would like to publish on Zoom Marketplace**, you will be able to set up a Deauthorization URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin allows users to be deauthorized directly from Zoom, in order to comply with Zoom’s commitment to security and the protection of user data. If you **would like to publish on Zoom Marketplace**, you can set up a deauthorization URL.
```
